README.rst, before:

Apache
######

Provision Apache.

Requirements
------------

See :code:`meta/main.yml` and assertions at top of :code:`tasks/main.yml`.

Role Variables
--------------

See :code:`defaults/main.yml`.

Dependencies
------------

See :code:`meta/main.yml`.

Example Playbook
----------------

See :code:`tests/playbook.yml`.

Testing
-------

To install the dependencies:

.. code:: shell

    ansible-galaxy install git+file://$(pwd),$(git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD) -p .molecule/roles

To run the full test suite:

.. code:: shell

    molecule test

License
-------

This software is licensed under the MIT license (see the :code:`LICENSE.txt`
file).

Author Information
------------------

Nimrod Adar, `contact me <nimrod@shore.co.il>`_ or visit my `website
<https://www.shore.co.il/>`_. Patches are welcome via `git send-email
<http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Commands-Email>`_. The repository is located
at: https://www.shore.co.il/git/.

TODO
----

- Correct error missing dhparams module without adding submodule but keeping the
  ca-store role in the test playbook.
- Remove dependency on the Common role, depend on the ca-store and specific
  roles.
- Add support for OpenBSD.
- Server health.
- Optional OCSP.
- Log to syslog.
- Limit requests
  (https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/misc/security_tips.html#dos and
  https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/server-wide.html#resource).
- Disable .htaccess
  (https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/misc/security_tips.html#systemsettings).
- Assertions.
- Wait for server to come online.
- Tests.

Commit message:

- Removed support for OpenBSD, mainly because the apache2_modules Ansible module doesn't work. - Added most of the functionality, missing items are in the README.

README.rst, after:

Apache
######

Provision Apache with minimal common configuration (just package installation
and copy configuration templates, if any). Templates can be placed inside
:code:`templates/apache/conf-enabled` and :code:`templates/apache/sites-enabled`
(for configuration and virtualhosts respectibily) either relative to the
playbook or inside the role. The rational is to have the bare minimum of
configuration in the role and use user-provided templates to extend the role in
a way that's best for the user. Therefore configuration such as XSS, OCSP or
even SSL that is not always relevant is outside the scopre of this role.

Requirements
------------

See :code:`meta/main.yml` and assertions at top of :code:`tasks/main.yml`.

Role Variables
--------------

See :code:`defaults/main.yml`.

Dependencies
------------

See :code:`meta/main.yml`.

Example Playbook
----------------

See :code:`tests/playbook.yml`.

Testing
-------

To install the dependencies:

.. code:: shell

    ansible-galaxy install git+file://$(pwd),$(git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD) -p .molecule/roles

To run the full test suite:

.. code:: shell

    molecule test

License
-------

This software is licensed under the MIT license (see the :code:`LICENSE.txt`
file).

Author Information
------------------

Nimrod Adar, `contact me <nimrod@shore.co.il>`_ or visit my `website
<https://www.shore.co.il/>`_. Patches are welcome via `git send-email
<http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Commands-Email>`_. The repository is located
at: https://www.shore.co.il/git/.

TODO
----

- Server health.
- Limit requests
  (https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/misc/security_tips.html#dos and
  https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/server-wide.html#resource).
- Wait for server to come online.
- Tests.
